Metasploit Exploit Multi Handler
In previous modules, we have used Netcat
to catch standard reverse shells,
such as those generated by the
windows reverse tcp shell payload.
However, this is inelegant and may not
work for more advanced Metasploit payloads
Instead, we should use the
Metasploit multi handler module,
which works for all single
and multi-stage payloads.
When using the multi handler module, we
must specify the incoming payload type.
In this case, we will instruct the
multi handler to expect and accept
an incoming windows reverse
https Meterpreter payload…
that will start a first stage listener
on our desired host,
and port, TCP 443.
After setting the parameters,
we will run exploit
to instruct the multi handler
to listen for a connection.
Once the first stage payload is
accepted by the multi handler,
the second stage of the payload
will be fed back to the target machine.
Note that using the exploit
command without parameters
will block the command
prompt until execution finishes.
In most cases, it is more
helpful to include the -j flag
to run the module as a background job
allowing us to continue other work
while we wait for the connection.
The jobs command allows us to
view running background jobs.
With the listener running as a
job, we can display information
about it using the -i flag
followed by the job ID.
At this point, the multi/handler
is running
and listening for an HTTPS
reverse payload connection.
Now let’s generate a new executable
containing the windows reverse
https meterpreter payload.
Next we need to copy the binary
to the Windows 10 workstation.
We’ll start by setting up a python
webserver listening on port 8000.
Then we’ll connect to the Windows
10 client via remote desktop.
Next, we’ll use a powershell one-liner to
download the file from our Kali machine.
Let’s run wireshark so we can inspect the
connection as it is being established.
We’ll use a capture filter to only
capture traffic we’re interested in.
Now we can run our executable payload.
In our msfconsole tab, we can
see our session being established.
Back in Wireshark, the traffic looks
like any other HTTPS connection
and as such may evade basic detection.